Document sub-feature privileges (#62335)
elastic/kibana: docs/developer/plugin/development-plugin-feature-registration.asciidoc

|An array of applications this feature enables. Typically, all of your plugin's apps (from `uiExports`) will be included here.

|`privileges` (required)
|{repo}blob/{branch}/x-pack/plugins/features/common/feature.ts[`FeatureConfig`].
|See <<example-1-canvas,Example 1>> and <<example-2-dev-tools,Example 2>>
|The set of privileges this feature requires to function.

|`subFeatures` (optional)
|{repo}blob/{branch}/x-pack/plugins/features/common/feature.ts[`FeatureConfig`].
|See <<example-3-discover,Example 3>>

> |The set of sub-features to enable granular access control beyond the `all` and `read` feature privileges. These options will only be available to clusters running a Gold license or better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The set of subfeatures that enables finer access control than the `all` and `read` feature privileges. These options are only available in the Gold subscription level and higher.
```

          ui: ['show', 'save', 'saveQuery'],
        },
        read: {
          app: ['kibana'],
          catalogue: ['discover'],
          savedObject: {
            all: [],
            read: ['index-pattern', 'search', 'query'],
          },
          ui: ['show'],
        },
      },
      subFeatures: [
        {
          name: i18n.translate('xpack.features.ossFeatures.discoverShortUrlSubFeatureName', {
            defaultMessage: 'Short URLs',
          }),
          privilegeGroups: [
            {
              groupType: 'independent',
              privileges: [
                {
                  id: 'url_create',
                  name: i18n.translate(
                    'xpack.features.ossFeatures.discoverCreateShortUrlPrivilegeName',
                    {
                      defaultMessage: 'Create Short URLs',
                    }
                  ),
                  includeIn: 'all',
                  savedObject: {
                    all: ['url'],
                    read: [],
                  },
                  ui: ['createShortUrl'],
                },
              ],
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
    }
  });
}
-----------

> Discover takes advantage of sub-feature privileges to allow fine-grained access control. In this example,

Reviewer: Suggest moving this paragraph above the example.  It gets a little lost where it is.

sub-feature > subfeature (2 places)

Should it be `all` and `read` instead of "All" and "Read"?

To say another way > In other words

but additionally > and also

"Short" in last sentence should be "short"
